in this video I'm going to show you how
to make delicious tempura prawns what
you're going to need to marinate tempura
prawns is some fish sauce some soya
sauce some thick teriyaki sauce some
seasoned oil and some garlic and of
course Monro prawns now what I've done
here is I have cleaned the prawn and
left the tailpiece on and now what I'm
going to do is cut three little slits
here here and here
three small slits one in here one end
one of the middle and one of the other
end so that when you deep fry it it
doesn't curl up that will keep this
prawn straight now that I've cut all the
prawns you add them into a bowl and you
add about two tablespoons of fish sauce
one teaspoon of soya sauce 1 teaspoon of
thick teriyaki sauce 1/2 - 1 teaspoon of
seasoned oil
three cloves of minced garlic you mix
and allow to marinate for about at least
minimum two hours
to make the tempura mix simply mix a
hundred grams of ready-made tempura mix
flour with 160 milliliters of water like
so and there you go now to fry the
tempura prawns what you do is you pick
it up by the tail dip it in to the mix
into the Japanese breadcrumbs and then
into the deep fryer you can do about two
or three at the same time don't overload
it and you want them to become a nice
golden brown
[Music]
this is about the color we're looking
for nice golden yellowish brown
beautiful tempura bones
[Music]